That was a night of immense excitement and bliss. My friends since childhood with whom I explored every haunted forest of Hogwarts; the people who always arose that child-like yearning for magic were arriving to drive me through another adventure; this time along with their children’. As I lay on my bed the night before the launch of ‘Harry Potter and the Cursed Child’ it feels like yesterday when little Harry with that cute face mumbled Gryffindor when the sorting hat danced over his head. Goosebumps hit over me when flashing memories of the Weasley’s, Muggles and the revered professors of Hogwarts hit my mind. While Voldemort’s defeat in the Battle of Hogwarts was a historic finale of the series; the Weasley-Granger and Potter-Weasley bonding in marriage fumed up rising desires to watch the legacy beginning with the newly introduced couple. There was void in the hearts of many across the globe on realizing the fact that these kids turned family would never meet us again. Rowling’s new rehearsal script came in as a savior to those million hearts like mine longing to connect to Hogwarts. 
It showcased various never-before-seen emotions of our favorite Hogwarts stars. It proved that, though being a superstar at school and fondly called the ‘boy who lived’, Harry had to struggle to be a good father to his teenage son. Humor and intelligence kindled the romance leading to Hermione and Ron in marriage. Not just the alive, but ‘Harry Potter and the Cursed Child’ rekindled memories of the dead too. Revolving around the time turner, it virtually brought back to life some our beloved people from Hogwarts. Though revoking some of the gruesome events of the past, the wizard trio shattered them all to dust. It was a moment of pride when Hogwarts’ enemy was once again crushed by the trio and their progeny in style. 
‘Harry Potter and the Cursed Child’ is a must read for every Harry Potter lover. Beyond the parameters to be judged on for a newly released book, it is a must read simply to watch the legacy pass on generations.    
