Competition grows everyday. Today man is forced to compete against machines. This develops stress and human body is subjected to various levels of trauma. The heart attacks become so common and the affected rate increases till date. Main reasons for this would be improper diet, tension and excess of cholesterol, which blocks the arteries and not allowing the blood to pass through them hence causing heart attack. This usually occurs when a blood clot forms inside a coronary artery at the site of an atherosclerotic plaque (blood clots on the roughened plaque). It is difficult to estimate exactly how common heart attacks are because as many as 200,000 to 300,000 people in the United States die each year before medical help is sought. It is estimated that approximately 1 million patients visit the hospital each year with a heart attack. About 1 out of every 5 deaths are due to a heart attack. Present day treatment includes surgeries which are considered outdated when compared to today’s technology. 
CHOLESTROLS: 
              Cholesterols are biochemical compound which are carried by lipoproteins found in blood and are essential for the normal functioning of the body to a certain extent. Cholesterol is fat-like substance (lipids) .These are chemical compounds of glycerol and unsaturated acid. Cholesterols found in the human body are of   two types. They are           
•	Low Density Lipids(LDL) 
•	High Density Lipids(HDL) 
NANOROBOTS:
Nanorobots are Nano devices that may be about 3 to 5 microns in size. The individual parts used to make those nanorobots may be of 1 to 200 nm in size, mainly made of carbon, and may be given a coating of diamond. Which is the most inert and toughest material ever known? These nanorobots can be used for variety of purposes. Here, to treat heart blocks we use three kinds of nanorobots. These nanoscale devices are able to perform higher with reduced time Researches in nanotechnology brought newer approaches in the field of medicine. This paper focuses on the employment of nanorobots for removing the heart blocks in a more effective and accurate manner. Nanotechnology promises to be a pathway for the future
